 
The Directors
RA Illustratives Proprietary Limited
3 Sabie Avenue
Dassierand
George
5402
[Please insert engagement letter date]
Attention: Sirs
ENGAGEMENT LETTER
Dear Sirs
You  have requested  that  we audit  the  financial statements  of  RA Illustratives  Proprietary  Limited, which  comprise  the
statement of financial position as at 28 February 2022, and the statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in
equity and statement of cash  flows for the year then ended, and  notes to the financial statements, including  a summary of
significant accounting  policies. We are  pleased to confirm our  acceptance and understanding  of this audit  engagement by
means of this letter.
The objectives of our audit are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is  a high  level of  assurance, but  is not  a guarantee  that an  audit conducted  in accordance  with International
Standards on Auditing (ISAs) will always  detect material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from  fraud or
error and  are considered material  if, individually or  in the aggregate,  they could  reasonably be expected  to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. The audit will include such tests of transactions
and of the existence, ownership and valuation of assets and liabilities, as we consider necessary.
We will conduct our audit in accordance with ISAs. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements. As part
of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we  exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the
audit. We also:
•  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
one resulting  from error,  as  fraud may  involve collusion,  forgery, intentional  omissions, misrepresentations,  or the
override of internal control.
•  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the  circumstances, but not  for the  purpose of expressing  an opinion  on the effectiveness  of the  entity's internal
control. However,  we will  communicate to  you in  writing concerning  any significant  deficiencies in  internal control
relevant to the audit of the financial statements that we have identified during the audit.
1
 
 
•  Evaluate the appropriateness of  accounting policies used and the reasonableness  of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by management.
•  Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
on the  company's ability  to continue as  a going  concern. If  we conclude that  a material  uncertainty exists,  we are
required to  draw attention  in our  auditor's report  to the related  disclosures in  the financial  statements or,  if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
date of our auditor's  report. However, future events or  conditions may cause the company  to cease to continue as  a
going concern.
•  Evaluate the  overall presentation,  structure and  content of  the  financial statements,  including the  disclosures, and
whether the  financial  statements represent  the underlying  transactions and  events  in a  manner that  achieves fair
presentation.
Because  of the  inherent  limitations of  an  audit, together  with  the inherent  limitations  of  internal control,  there  is an
unavoidable risk  that some material  misstatements may  not be detected,  even though  the audit is  properly planned  and
performed in accordance with ISAs.
Our  audit will  be  conducted on  the  basis that  [management  and, where  appropriate,  those charged  with  governance]
acknowledge and understand that they have responsibility:
•  For the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with the IFRS for SMEs® Accounting
Standard as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB®);
•  For such internal control as [management] determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
•  To provide us with:
○  Access to all information of which [management] is aware that is relevant to the preparation of the
financial statements such as records, documentation and other matters;
○  Additional information that we may request from [management] for the purpose of the audit; and
○  Unrestricted access to persons within  the entity from whom we determine it  necessary to obtain
audit evidence.
As part of  our audit process, we will  request from [management and, where  appropriate, those charged with  governance],
written confirmation concerning representations made to us in connection with the audit.
We look forward to full cooperation from your staff during our audit.
Detection of fraud, error and non-compliance with laws and regulations
The primary responsibility for safeguarding  the assets of the company and the prevention  and detection of fraud, error and
non-compliance with laws and regulations rests with the director and management.
It  is the  responsibility of  the  director of  the  company to  ensure  through oversight  of management,  that  the company
establishes and maintains internal control to provide reasonable assurance with regard to the reliability of financial reporting,
effectiveness and efficiency of operations and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
It is the  responsibility of management to establish  a control environment and maintain  policies and procedures to  assist in
achieving the objective of ensuring, as far as possible, the orderly and efficient conduct of the company's business.
Our  audit  is planned  and  performed  so  that  we  have reasonable,  but  not  absolute,  assurance  of  detecting  material
misstatements in the financial statements  or accounting records, including any material misstatements resulting  from fraud,
error or non-compliance with laws or regulations.
Our audit will not include a detailed audit of transactions, such as would be necessary to disclose errors or fraud that did not
cause a material misstatement to the financial statements. Our audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance of detecting
errors and irregularities that are material to the financial statements. However, there are inherent limitations in an audit. For
example:
(a)  We do not examine evidence supporting every transaction, and
(b)  although we obtain an understanding of the accounting systems and related controls to assist us in designing our audit,
we study and evaluate only those controls on which we intend to rely.
2
 
 
Thus, irregularities,  if they exist,  may not be detected.  Moreover, because of  the characteristics of  irregularities, including
concealment through collusion  or forgery, a  properly designed and executed  audit may not necessarily  detect a significant
irregularity.
However, we will communicate any illegal acts, material errors, identified fraud or information that indicates that a fraud may
exist, identified during our engagement, to the appropriate level of management as soon as practicable.
Professional obligation to respond to non-compliance with laws and regulations  in terms of the IRBA Code of Professional
Conduct (the Code)
The partners and employees of our firm have a professional obligation to act in the public interest, and to act in order  to: (i)
enable RA Illustratives Proprietary Limited (the company) to rectify, remediate or mitigate the consequences of any identified
or suspected  non-compliance with laws  or regulations as  described in  the Code; or  (ii) deter the  commission of  the non-
compliance or suspected non-compliance with laws or regulations where it has not yet occurred.
Non-compliance  with  laws  or  regulations  (non-compliance)  comprises  acts  of  omission  or  commission,  intentional  or
unintentional, committed by a client, or by those charged with governance, by management or by other individuals working for
or under the direction of a client, which are contrary to the prevailing laws or regulations.
Where we encounter non-compliance or  suspected non-compliance, we will seek to obtain  an understanding of the matter.
Where appropriate, we will discuss the matter  with the appropriate level of management at the company, or those charged
with governance in order that such people can take appropriate action to rectify, remediate or mitigate the consequences of
the non-compliance,  deter the commission  of non-compliance where  it has not  yet occurred or  disclose the matter  to an
appropriate authority where required by law or regulation or where considered necessary in the public interest, having regard
to the  appropriateness of the  response of management  and, where applicable,  those charged with  governance and other
relevant factors in accordance with the Code.
We, in encountering non-compliance or  suspected non-compliance, are also obliged to comply  with applicable legislation or
professional standards, which  may require us to disclose  the matter to an appropriate  authority, including the reporting  of
reportable irregularities as referred to in the preceding section of this engagement letter.
We also have a professional responsibility to consider whether the response of the company to the instance of non-compliance
or suspected non-compliance is adequate, and may determine that further action is necessary. Such further action may include,
among other actions, the disclosure of the matter to an appropriate authority. We will disclose the matter to an  appropriate
authority only where, in the professional judgement of the independent reviewer, the extent of the  actual or potential harm
that is or may  be caused to the company, investors,  creditors or employees or the  general public is sufficient to justify  the
disclosure.
In exceptional circumstances, we may be required to  immediately disclose the matter to an appropriate authority where we
have become aware of actual or intended conduct that we have reason to believe would constitute an imminent breach of law
or regulation that would cause substantial harm to the company, investors, creditors, employees or the general public. In such
circumstances, we will discuss the matter with the management or those charged with governance of the company where it is
appropriate to do so.
Financial Intelligence Centre Act
In terms of Section 29 of the  Financial Intelligence Centre Act, we are required by law to report  to the Financial Intelligence
Centre certain  suspicious  or unusual  transactions of  which we  become aware,  such  as those  which may  involve money
laundering, which have no  apparent business or lawful purpose, or which  may be relevant to an investigation  of evasion or
attempted evasion of tax. This statutory requirement, which applies to both prospective clients and existing clients, overrides
the professional ethics rules of confidentiality, which we observe.
