Reportable Irregularities
A reportable  irregularity in  terms of the  Auditing Profession  Act, 26 of  2005 (the  "APA") is  any unlawful act  or omission
committed by any person responsible for the management of an entity, which:
(a)  has caused or is likely to cause material financial loss to the entity or to any partner, member, shareholder, creditor or
investor of the entity in respect of his, her or its dealings with that entity; or
(b)  is fraudulent or amounts to theft; or
(c)  represents  a material  breach  of any  fiduciary  duty owed  by  such person  to  the  entity or  any  partner, member,
shareholder, creditor  or investor of  the entity under  any law  applying to the  entity or the  conduct or  management
thereof.
3
 
 
In relation to companies the management board usually comprises:
(a)  The board of directors of the company (including ‘shadow’ directors) and holding entities in group situations; and
(b)  Any person  who in  the affairs  of the  company exercises  executive control  which reflects  the general  policy of  the
company for the time being or which is related to the general administration of the company.
In considering whether a person is responsible for managing an entity an accounting officer will have due regard both to  the
published details of the management structure thereof and to the de facto exercise of the requisite characteristics of control
and management.
We are required by the Auditing Profession Act, 26 of 2005 (the "APA") to send a written report to the Independent Regulatory
Board of Auditors ("IRBA") if we are satisfied or have reason to believe that a reportable irregularity (as defined in the APA) has
taken place or is taking place.
We undertake to notify the directors of such  action within three days of sending a report to the IRBA. We will  subsequently
take all reasonable steps to discuss the report with the directors who will be afforded the opportunity to make representations
in respect thereof.
We are also required to send a second report to the IRBA, within 30 days from the date on which the initial report was sent,
which should contain a statement that we are of the opinion that:
(a)  no reportable irregularity has taken place; or
(b)  the suspected  reportable  irregularity is  no  longer taking  place  and that  adequate  steps have  been  taken for  the
prevention or recovery of any loss as result thereof, if relevant; or
(c)  the reportable irregularity is continuing.
If the IRBA  receives a report that  a reportable irregularity is continuing,  they must notify any  appropriate Regulator of the
details of the reportable irregularity to which the report relates and provide it with a copy of the report.
Should a reportable irregularity have taken place or be taking place our audit report on the financial statements is required to
be appropriately qualified.
The firm requires  its staff to report  any suspected reportable irregularity  to the engagement partner  immediately, without
delay. Should an employee fail to adhere to this requirement they will face a disciplinary hearing and possible termination of
their training contract and/or dismissal.
Because of the test nature and other inherent limitations of an audit, together with the inherent limitations of any accounting
and internal control system, there is an unavoidable risk that even some material misstatements may remain undiscovered.
In addition to our report on the financial statements, we expect to provide you with a separate letter concerning any material
weaknesses, in the accounting and internal control system, which come to our attention.
Responsibilities of the Directors
You will retain responsibility and accountability for:
(a)  the management, conduct and operation of your business and affairs;
(b)  any representations made by the company to third parties, including published information;
(c)  the maintenance of the accounting records;
(d)  the establishment and  maintenance of an  internal control structure,  necessary to provide  reasonable assurance that
adopted policies and prescribed procedures are adhered to for the prevention of errors and irregularities, including fraud
and illegal acts;
(e)  the preparation of the annual financial statements which fairly present the financial  position, results of operations and
cash flows of the company, including adequate disclosure in accordance with the IFRS for SMEs® Accounting Standard as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB®);
(f)  the selection and application of accounting policies;
(g)  the safeguarding of assets;
(h)  the use of, extent of reliance on, or implementation of advice or recommendation supplied by us or other product of the
services;
4
 
 
(i)  the  delivery, achievement  or  realisation of  any  benefits directly  or  indirectly related  to  the services  that  require
implementation by you;
(j)  ensuring that all arrangements are made for access, security procedures, virus checks, facilities, licenses and/or consents
(without any to us), where you require us to do so or the nature of the services is such that it is likely to be more efficient
for us to perform work at your premises or use your computer systems or telephone networks.
As part of our audit process, we will request from management written confirmation concerning representations made to us in
connection with the audit.
To assist us  with our audit  of your financial statements,  you are also  responsible for making  available to us, as  and when
required,  all  minutes  of important  meetings,  and  information  and  explanations  which  we  consider necessary  for  the
performance of our duties as auditors. We shall also request sight of all documents or statements that are to be issued with the
financial statements.
Staff
Our staff members undergo periodic training which together  with the taking of annual leave, may lead to staff turnover and
lack of continuity. We will use our best endeavours to avoid any disruption to an engagement’s progress.
Save as envisaged below, you agree not to make any offer of employment or to otherwise interfere with or entice away from
the employment  of any persons  employed by  us. You further  agree not to  use such person’s  services as  an independent
consultant or via a third  party for a period of 12 months  following the end of such person’s involvement,  without our prior
written consent.
Should you  make any offer  of employment to  any person  currently employed by  us or who  was employed  by us for  the
immediately preceding 12 month period from the date of such offer of employment, you will be liable for and will pay to us a
placement fee equal to 10% of such employee’s total annual cost to company, excluding VAT.
Reporting to Management
We shall report to management, normally in writing, any significant weaknesses in, or our observations on, the internal control
structure and other areas  that come to our attention during the  course of our engagement and which, in  our view, require
management’s attention.
Our review  of internal  financial  control systems  is only  performed to  the extent  required to  express an  opinion on  the
company's  financial statements  and therefore  our  comments on  these  systems will  not  necessarily address  all  possible
improvements that might be suggested as a result of a more extensive special examination.
No such report may be provided to a third party without our prior written consent. Such consent will be granted only on the
basis that such reports are not prepared with the interests of anyone other than the company in mind and that we accept no
duty or responsibility to any other party.
Communications with Directors
“Audit matters of governance interest” are those matters that arise from the audit of financial statements and, in our opinion,
are both important and relevant to the directors in overseeing the financial reporting and disclosure process. Audit matters of
governance interest will be communicated to the management or the audit committee, as necessary.
We will communicate only those matters of governance interest that comes to our attention as a result of the performance of
the audit. We are not required to design procedures for the specific purpose of identifying matters of governance interest.
Information
To enable us to  perform the services, you will use  your best endeavours to procure  and supply all information and prompt
assistance, and all access to documentation in your possession, custody,  or under your control, and to personnel under your
control, where required by us. Where such information and/or documentation is not in your possession or custody, or under
your control, you will use your best endeavours to procure the supply  of the information, assistance and/or access to all the
documentation.
We may rely on any instructions or requests made or  notices given, or information supplied, whether orally or in writing, by
any person whom we know to be or reasonably believe to be authorised by you to communicate with us for such purposes.
5
 
 
We may receive information from you or from other sources in the course of delivering the services and:
(a)
(b)
We will consider the consistency and quality of information received by us;
We  will not  seek  to  establish  the reliability  of  information  received from  you  or  any  other information  source.
Accordingly, we  assume  no responsibility  and make  no  representations with  respect to  the accuracy,  reliability  or
completeness of any information provided to us;
(c)
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage suffered by you arising from fraud, misrepresentation, withholding of
information material to the services, or other default relating to such material information, whether on your part or that
of the other information sources.
You undertake to supply information in response to our enquiries to enable us to comply with our statutory obligations relating
to the Financial Intelligence Centre Act, no.38 of 2001 and the Prevention of Organised Crime Act, No.121 of 1998.
Representations by Management
As part of our engagement procedures, we will request you to provide written confirmation of facts or judgements which are
not  themselves  recorded  in  the  accounting records  and  any  other  oral  representations  that  we  have  received  from
management during the course of our engagement that are considered to have a material effect on the financial statements.
This letter will also confirm that all important and relevant information has been brought to our attention.
Meetings
To provide an opportunity for you and the audit committee to discuss the matters raised in our various reports, we expect to
attend the audit committee meetings prior to the commencement of our audit and before the announcement of interim and
annual results. We are also entitled to attend all general meetings of the company and to receive notice of all such meetings.
Documents issued with the Financial Statements
To assist us with our audit of your financial statements, we shall request sight of all documents or statements, management's
reports, operating and financial reviews and directors' report which are to be issued with the financial statements.
International auditing standards require that we read any annual report and other document that contains our audit opinion.
The purpose  of this procedure  is to consider whether  other information in  the annual report,  including the manner  of its
presentation, is materially inconsistent  with information appearing in the  financial statements. We assume no  obligation to
perform procedures to verify such other information as part of our audit.
Once we have issued our report we have no further direct responsibility in relation to the financial statements for that financial
year. However, we expect that you will inform us of any material event occurring between the date of our report and the date
of issue of the financial statements which may affect the financial statements.
Preparation of Financial Statements
Assistance with  the preparation  of financial  statements does not  form part  of our  engagement, but we  shall discuss  the
company's accounting principles with you, particularly  in any problem areas, and we may propose adjusting  entries for your
consideration.
Future use of the audit opinion
You agree that  our audit report,  or reference to us,  will not be  included in any such  offering document without  our prior
written permission or  consent. Any agreement to  perform work in  connection with an offering,  including an agreement to
provide such permission or consent, will be a separate engagement and subject to a separate engagement contract.
Distribution of any service or product
Any product of the services released to you in any form or medium will be supplied by us on the basis that it is for your benefit
and information only and that it may not be copied,  referred to or disclosed, in whole or in part (save for your own internal
purposes), without our prior written consent. The services will be delivered on the basis that you may not quote our name or
reproduce our logo in any form or medium without our prior written  consent. You may disclose in whole any product of the
services to your bankers and legal  and other professional advisers for the purposes of your seeking  advice in relation to the
services, provided that when doing so you inform them that:
(a)  Disclosure by them (save for their own internal purposes) is not permitted without our prior written consent; and
(b)  We accept no responsibility or liability whatsoever and neither do we owe any duty of care to them in connection with
the services.
6
 
 
Third party rights
The services contract will not create or give rise to, nor will it be intended to create or give rise to, any third-party rights.
Reporting to third parties
Our report is intended for the benefit of those to whom it is addressed. The engagement will not be planned or conducted in
contemplation of reliance by any third party or with respect to any specific transaction. Therefore, items of possible interest to
a third party  will not be  specifically addressed, and matters  may exist that  would be assessed differently  by a third party,
possibly in connection with a specific transaction.
There may be situations, for example, in relation to loan agreements, where a third party seeks to request us, in our capacity as
auditors, to report to them.
Any contractual arrangements between you and a third party which seek to impose such requirements upon us will not, as a
matter of law, be binding on us. However, depending on the circumstances, we may agree to provide reports to third parties,
but not in our capacity as auditors. Any possible requirements must be discussed with us at the earliest opportunity and well
before the loan agreement or other arrangement is finalised. In this regard, however, it is our policy not to extend our duty of
care in respect of our report in the financial statements.
As noted above, our report will be prepared for and only for the company's shareholders in accordance with the Companies Act
of South  Africa and  for no  other  purpose. In  those circumstances,  we will  not, in  giving our  opinion, accept  or assume
responsibility (legal or otherwise) or accept liability for or in connection with any other purpose for which our report or opinion
may be used, or to any other person to whom our report is shown or into whose hands it may come, and no other persons shall
be entitled to rely on our opinion save where they have obtained our prior written consent that they may do so.
Responsibility relating to electronic distribution of our report
We acknowledge that as directors of the company you may wish to publish the company's financial statements and our report
on the company's web site or distribute  them to shareholders by means such as e-mail. Your responsibilities  concerning the
preparation, dissemination and signing of the financial statements do not change simply because the financial statements are
reproduced or  distributed electronically; it is  your responsibility to  ensure that any  such publication properly  presents the
financial information and our report.  We request that you advise us of  any intended electronic publication before it occurs.
Where our report is reproduced in any medium, the complete financial statements, including notes, must also be presented.
You are  responsible  for the  controls over,  and the  security of  the  web site  and, where  applicable, for  establishing and
controlling the process for electronically distributing annual reports and other financial  information. We remind you that the
examination of controls over the maintenance and integrity of the company's web site is beyond the scope of the engagement
and if your directors' responsibilities statements does not include reference to this we will include it as a note at the end of the
electronic version  of our report.   Accordingly, we accept  no responsibility for  any changes that  may have occurred  to the
financial statements since they were initially presented on the web site. However, if we do become aware of any subsequent
amendments, we will notify the directors that the financial statements no longer correspond with the manually signed financial
statements.
Uncertainty regarding  legal requirements  is  compounded as  information published  on the  internet is  accessible in  many
countries with different  legal requirements relating to the  preparation and dissemination of financial  statements and if the
directors' responsibilities statement does not refer  to this, or if we otherwise consider it appropriate, we  will include a note
describing this uncertainty at the end of the electronic version of our report.
We reserve the right to withhold consent to the electronic publication of our report if the financial statements or the report are
to be published in an inappropriate manner or to request amendments to the electronic report if we are not satisfied with the
proposed wording or its presentation in the context of the financial statements.
Electronic communications
We may choose to communicate with you by electronic mail where an authorised person wishes us to do so, on the basis that
in consenting to this method of communication, you accept the inherent risks of such communications, including the security
risks of interception of or unauthorised access  to such communications, the risks of corruption of such communications, the
risk of errors or loss of information and the risks of viruses or other harmful devices) and that you will perform virus checks. We
will use  commercially reasonable  procedures to check  for the  most commonly known  viruses before  sending information
electronically.
We recognise that systems and procedures cannot be a guarantee that transmissions will be unaffected by such hazards.
7
 
 
We confirm that  we each accept  the risks of and  authorise electronic communications between  us. We each agree  to use
commercially reasonable procedures to check for the most commonly known viruses before sending information electronically.
We shall each be responsible for protecting our  own systems and interests in relation to electronic communications and the
company and us (in each case including our respective directors, employees or agents) shall have no liability to each other on
any basis, whether  in contract, delict (including negligence)  or otherwise, in respect of  any error, damage, loss or  omission
arising  from or  in  connection with  the  electronic communication  of  information between  us  and our  reliance  on such
information.
The exclusion of liability in the previous  clause shall not apply to the extent that any liability arises out  of acts, omissions or
misrepresentations  which are  in any  case criminal,  dishonest  or fraudulent  on the  part  of our  respective management,
employees, or agents.
If our communication relates to a matter of significance on which you wish to rely, and you are concerned about the possible
effects of electronic transmission, you should request a  hard copy of such transmission from us. If you wish us to password-
protect all or certain documents transmitted, you should request us to do so.
Use of our software
The working papers  and files created by  us during this  engagement, including electronic documents  and files, are our  sole
property.
We will retain ownership of the copyright and all other intellectual property rights in the product of the services, whether oral
or tangible. For the purposes of delivering  services to you or other clients, we will be entitled  to use or develop knowledge,
experience and  skills  of general  application gained  through performing  the services.  You agree  to keep  confidential  any
methodologies and technology used by us to carry out our services.
We have the right to use your name as a reference in proposals or other similar submissions to other prospective clients, unless
you specifically  withhold permission for  such disclosure, if  we wish to  use details of  the work done  for you for  reference
purposes, we will obtain your consent in advance.
Circumstances beyond our or your control
Neither of us will  be in breach of our  contractual obligations, nor will either of  us incur any liability to  the other, if we are
unable to comply with the services contract as a result of any cause beyond our reasonable control. In the event of any such
occurrence affecting one of us, that one shall be obliged as soon as reasonably practicable to notify the other, who will have
the option  of  suspending or  terminating the  operation of  the  services contract  on notice,  which  notice will  take effect
immediately on delivery thereof.
Waiver, assignment and sub-contractors
Failure by any one of us to exercise or enforce any rights available to us shall not amount to a waiver of any rights available to
either of us.
Neither of us will have  the right to assign the benefit or burden  of the services contract without the written consent  of the
other.
We will have the right to appoint sub-contractors to assist us in delivering the services.
Exclusions and limitations on our liability
Save for any exclusions provided for in Auditing Profession Act,  26 of 2005 (the “APA”), our maximum liability or that of any
individual partner, member, or employee, as the case may be, of Risen Advisory in respect of direct economic loss or damage
suffered by you or by other beneficiaries arising out of or in connection with the services shall be limited to two times the fees
charged and  paid for these  services. The maximum  liability will be  an aggregate liability  for all claims  arising, whether by
contract, delict, negligence, or otherwise.
8
 
 
In the particular circumstances of the services set out in this engagement letter, the liability to you and to other beneficiaries of
each and  all persons in contract  or delict or  under statute or  otherwise, for any indirect  or consequential loss  or damage
(including loss of profits) suffered by you (or by any such other party) arising from or in connection with the services, however
the indirect or consequential loss or damage is caused,  excluding our wilful misconduct, shall be excluded to the extent that
such limitation is permitted by law.
Our liability to you will in no circumstances  exceed the lower of the amount determined by the application of  the monetary
limit based upon fees charged to, and recovered from, you and the amount determined by the apportionment of responsibility,
as the case may be.
You and other beneficiaries may not bring any claim personally against any individual partner, member, employee or agent, as
the case may be, of the  contracting party or of any body or entity controlled  by us or owned by us or associated with us  in
respect of loss  or damage suffered  by you or by  other beneficiaries arising  out of or in  connection with the  services. This
restriction shall not operate to limit  or exclude the liability of the contracting party for the  acts or omissions of its partners,
directors, employees and agents. Any claim by you  or other beneficiaries must be made (for these purposes a claim shall be
made when court or other dispute-resolution proceedings are commenced) within two years of the date on which you or they
became aware, or ought reasonably to have become aware, of circumstances giving rise to a claim or potential claim against us.
Future years
We  propose that  this  engagement letter  will  be in  place  until replaced.  If  circumstances change,  we  will issue  a  new
engagement letter. Until such time, this letter will be in force even where there is a change in group structure.
Third parties
You will indemnify us and hold us harmless against any loss, damage, expense or liability incurred by the parties and/or persons
as a result of, arising from, or in connection with a combination of the following two circumstances:
(a)  Any breach by you of your obligations under the services contract.
(b)  Any claim made by a third party  or any other beneficiaries which results from or arises  from or is connected with any
such breach.
Fees
We will  render invoices  in respect  of the  services comprising fees,  disbursements and  VAT thereon  (where appropriate),
together with any other foreign taxes (if applicable) that might be payable thereon (“fees”). Details of our fees and any special
payment terms will be set out in the engagement letter.
Our fees are based  on the time spent on  your affairs by our partners and  staff, and on the levels of  skill and responsibility
involved, the nature and complexity of the services, and the resources required to complete the engagement. These fees may
differ from estimates that may have been supplied, which estimates will be provisional only. Stringent reporting requirements
or deadlines imposed by you might require work to be carried out at a higher level than usual or outside normal working hours.
This may result in increased costs. Additional fees may also result from material changes in the services or from difficulties in
obtaining information, which could not reasonably have been foreseen.
Fees are calculated either:
(a)  on an  hourly basis  at charge  out rates  applicable to  the person  undertaking the  work. Our  current maximum  and
minimum rates for normal work within normal working hours applicable from time to time may be obtained on request;
or
(b)  on a tariff basis for taxation or company secretarial services. These rates are available on request at the time matters are
specifically referred to us.
Disbursements in respect  of travelling expenses,  photocopies, stationery, revenue  stamps, postage, e-mails, and  telephone
calls will be recoverable at our predetermined rates.
In return for the delivery of the services by us, you will be required to pay our fees, without any right of set-off, on presentation
of our invoice.
Delivery of our services shall mean:
(a)  accounting  officer engagement  and  accounting  services:  five working  days  after  our handing  over  draft  financial
statements or upon our handing over final financial statements, whichever is the sooner;
9
 
 
(b)  secretarial services: five working days after our handing to you forms for signature or upon dispatch of documents to the
authorities, whichever is the sooner;
(c)  taxation services: upon rendering advice or upon dispatch of documents or correspondence to you or the Inland Revenue
authorities, as appropriate;
(d)  consulting and other services: upon rendering advice or upon dispatch of correspondence, as appropriate.
We will be entitled to raise fees upon delivery as set out above. In the event that you are not in agreement with any fee raised
you will notify  us in writing of your  objection within 21 working  days of our dispatch of  the fee note. Failure  to do so will
constitute acceptance of the fee. Approval of financial statements or minutes reflecting our fees will constitute acceptance of
the fees, including any under provision which does not warrant redrawing the financial statements.
Notwithstanding anything to the  contrary contained herein, should our  accrued fees reach a level  which we consider to be
material such accrued  fees will become due  and payable immediately upon presentation  of our fee note,  failing which the
rendering of all further professional services will be suspended pending receipt of payment.
In the event of your appointing an alternative firm of accountants in our stead, or otherwise terminating our mandate, we will
be entitled to raise a fee upon receipt of such notification for an amount adequate to cover all work done to date and not yet
billed, at our standard charge out rates, including disbursements incurred. In such event you undertake to settle our account in
full prior to our handing over books and records to you or to our successor.
Our fees will be inclusive of VAT which will rank for deduction as input tax by registered vendors.
Subject to the above, our fees are payable on presentation. We will be entitled to charge interest on all amounts outstanding,
for whatsoever reason, for more than 30 days from the date of presentation of our fee note at the maximum rate allowed by
law. Such interest will be calculated on a monthly basis. All payments will be allocated first as to interest, then as to  outlays,
then as to the longest outstanding fee.
In the event that invoices  are not settled within 30 days of presentation,  we reserve the right to charge compound  interest
monthly at 3% above the prime rate until the debt is settled.
Without prejudice to any other rights that we may have in law, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate the performance
of the services or any part thereof to you immediately, at any time, with or without notice, should payment of any of our fees
be overdue.
The fees will be subject to review by us each year and will vary with a number of factors including the extent of the assistance
we receive from members of staff in preparing routine schedules and analyses.
It is our usual practice to provide estimates of our fees in advance of the work commencing and we shall require payments on
account as our work progresses.
Quality of service
We will seek to ensure that our service is satisfactory at all times and delivered with reasonable skill and care. If at any time you
would like  to discuss  with us  how the  service can be  improved, you  are invited  to contact  the partner  identified in  the
engagement letter.
Protection of Personal Information Act, 2013 (Act No. 4 of 2013)
As part of performing this engagement we will obtain and process confidential information to perform our duties to issue an
appropriate report. Such  information includes personal information  of the directors and  staff relating to remuneration  and
employee  costs, contact  information of  customers and  suppliers,  and other  personal information  obtained  incidental to
performing the engagement. Since we are required  to comply with relevant ethical requirements (IRBA Code of Professional
Conduct) during  the performance  of this  engagement, we  treat all  such information  obtained with  the required  level of
confidentiality and will not process any such personal information for any purpose other than performing our duties in terms of
this engagement. Should we intend using your information for any purpose other than for which it was collected, we will seek
your consent.
The form and content of our report may need to be amended in the light of our audit findings.
10
 
 
Yours faithfully
<Name of individual practitioner responsible for the engagement>
<Registration number of firm and/or practitioner>
Risen Advisory
Acknowledged and agreed on behalf of the directors of RA Illustratives Proprietary Limited by
In signing  this document,  you consent to  the processing  of the personal  information contained  within this document.  All
information will be processed in terms of our privacy policy which can be obtained on request.
Yours faithfully
(Practitioner/Partner(s)/Director(s) name)
Date
Title
11
