The Directors
Van De Wall Incorporated
9 Oliver Road
Memorial Road Area
Kimberley
Northern Cape
8301
19 August 2025
Dear Sirs
Independent Auditor's Reasonable Assurance Engagement on Legal Practitioners' Trust Accounts
You have requested that we undertake:
•  A reasonable assurance engagement on  whether the legal practitioners' trust accounts  of Van De Wall Incorporated
were maintained, in all material respects, in compliance with Section 86, read with Section 63(1)(g), and Sections 87(1),
87(3) and 87(4) of the  Legal Practice Act, No. 28 of 2014  (the Act), and Rules 54.6-54.13, 54.14.1-54.14.6, 54.14.7.2,
54.14.7.3, 54.14.8-54.14.16, 54.15, 54.16, 54.17, 54.18, 54.19, 54.31, 54.32, 54.33, 54.34, 54.35 and 55.1-55.11 of the
South African Legal Practice Council Rules (the Rules), made under the authority of Sections 95(1), 95(3) and 109(2) of
the Act, for the year ended 28 February 2025.
•  We clarify that we  are not required to perform  any procedures on records  or documents relating to accounting  for
deceased estates, insolvent  estates and trusts  other than those dealt  with via the  legal practitioners' trust banking
accounts.
•  In terms of the Advisory issued by the Legal Practice Council dated  17 April 2020, to agree the information extracted
from the accounting records and included in the Legal Practitioner's Annual Statement on Trust Accounts for the year
ended 28 February  2025 to the  underlying records that were  the subject of  our engagement on whether  the legal
practitioners' trust  accounts were  maintained in  compliance with  the Act  and the  Rules that  will accompany  our
assurance report to be submitted to the Legal Practice Council and report thereon.
•  In terms of the Advisory issued by the Legal Practice Council dated 17 April 2020, to also read your representations, the
disclosures and other information in your Legal Practitioner's Annual Statement on Trust Accounts for the purpose  of
identifying  any  information that  is  inconsistent,  based  on  our knowledge  obtained  in  our  engagement  on the
compliance of your Legal Practitioners' trust accounts with the Act and the Rules and report thereon.
•  Further, in terms of  Rule 54.24.3 to report on whether  or not, to the best of  our knowledge, you have for the  year
ended 28 February 2025 carried on the business of an investment practice and complied with the related investment
practice Rules, as required.
•  You furthermore requested  that we perform  agreed-upon procedures for  the purpose of  assisting the Authority  in
evaluating the accuracy  and completeness of Van  De Wall Incorporated's list  of mandating client business  property
practitioners for the financial year ended 28 February 2025.
1
 
 
Directors' responsibility for the trust accounts
You are responsible for ensuring that your legal practitioners' trust accounts are maintained in compliance with the Act and the
Rules; and  for  such internal  control as  you  determine is  necessary to  maintain  the integrity  of those  trust  accounts in
accordance with the relevant client mandates, including such controls as you determine are  necessary to prevent and detect
fraud and theft. You are also responsible for preparing the Legal Practitioner's Annual Statement on Trust Accounts and for the
financial information and declarations contained therein and to provide us with:
•  Access to all  information that the  directors are aware  that is relevant  to our engagement,  including such business
account records, as we consider necessary;
•  Additional information that we may request from the legal practitioners for the purpose of our engagement; and
•  Unrestricted access to persons within the practice from whom we determine it necessary to obtain audit evidence.
You are responsible for ensuring that the practice complies with relevant legislation.
As part of our engagement we will request from you written confirmation concerning representations made to us in connection
with our engagement.  We will also  ask you to confirm  in that letter  that all important and  relevant information has  been
brought to our attention.
Auditor's independence and quality management
We are required to  comply with the independence and  other ethical requirements of the  Code of Professional Conduct for
Registered Auditors (IRBA Code) issued by the Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors (the IRBA code), which is founded on
fundamental  principles of  integrity,  objectivity,  professional  competence and  due  care,  confidentiality  and professional
behaviour. The  IRBA  Code is  consistent with  the corresponding  sections  of the  International Ethics  Standards Board  for
Accountants, International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards).
Risen Advisory  applies the International  Standard on Quality  Management 1,  Quality Management for  Firms that Perform
Audits or Reviews of Financial  Statements, or Other Assurance or Related  Services Engagements, which requires the firm to
design, implement and operate a system  of quality management including policies or procedures regarding  compliance with
ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Auditor's responsibility
Reasonable assurance
Our responsibility  is to  express a  reasonable assurance  opinion on  whether your  legal practitioners'  trust accounts  were
maintained in compliance with the Act and Rules, based on our assurance procedures performed, and to report as required on
the Legal Practitioner's Annual Statement on Trust Accounts and investment practice.
We will  conduct  our engagement  in accordance  with International  Standard  on Assurance  Engagements 3000  (Revised),
Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (ISAE 3000 (Revised)), issued  by the
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. That  standard requires that we plan and perform the engagement to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether your legal practitioners' trust accounts were maintained, in all material respects, in
compliance with the Act and Rules,  based on our assurance procedures to be performed, and  to report as required on your
Legal Practitioner's Annual Statement on Trust Accounts and investment practice.
A  reasonable assurance  engagement  in accordance  with  ISAE 3000  (Revised)  involves  performing procedures  to  obtain
evidence about whether the  Legal Practitioners' trust accounts were  maintained in compliance with the  Act and Rules. The
nature, timing and extent of the procedures selected depend on our professional judgement, including the assessment of the
risks of non-compliance with the Act and Rules, whether due to fraud, theft and error. In making those risk assessments we will
consider internal control relevant to the engagement in order to design procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for  the purpose of expressing an  opinion on the effectiveness of  internal control. Our engagement will  include the
following procedures:
•  Considering, and applying when applicable in the engagement circumstances, the guidance in the Guide for Registered
Auditors: Engagements on Legal Practitioners' Trust Accounts (Revised March 2020) issued by the IRBA.
•  Making inquiries of the legal practitioners and persons within the practice.
•  Testing of transactions for all significant service activities, with the objective of evaluating whether:
○  Transactions were appropriately identified as trust account transactions;
○  Trust account transactions were made in accordance with mandates and supported by adequate documentation
and narrative to identify from whom funds were received, and for whose credit;
○  Deposits and withdrawals from the trust bank accounts were to, or for, a trust creditor; and
2
 
 
○  Transfers to the legal practitioners' business bank accounts were only in respect of monies to be due to the legal
practitioners.
•  Testing and/or  scrutinising bank reconciliations,  as we consider  appropriate in the  engagement circumstances, and
evaluating the records made available to us against the external confirmations requested from financial institutions.
Reasonable assurance  is  a high  level of  assurance,  but is  not a  guarantee that  an  assurance engagement  conducted in
accordance with ISAE 3000 (Revised) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
actions or omissions to act due to fraud, theft or error and are considered material if they, individually or in aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to influence relevant decisions of users taken on the basis of the subject matter information.
Due to the inherent limitations of an assurance engagement together with the inherent limitations of internal control, there is
an unavoidable risk that some material misstatements may not be detected, even though the engagement is properly planned
and performed in accordance with ISAE 3000 (Revised).
We shall not be responsible for reporting on any relevant events or transactions beyond the period covered by our reasonable
assurance engagement. As part of an assurance engagement in accordance with ISAE 3000 (Revised), we exercise professional
judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the engagement.
Agreed-upon procedures
We will conduct the agreed-upon procedures engagement in accordance with the International Standard on Related Services
(ISRS) 4400 (Revised), Agreed-Upon Procedures Engagements. An agreed-upon procedures engagement involves us performing
the procedures  that have been  agreed with the Directors;  and reporting the  findings, which are  the factual results  of the
agreed-upon  procedures  performed.  We  make  no   representation  regarding  the  appropriateness  of  the  agreed-upon
procedures.
This agreed-upon procedures engagement is not an assurance engagement. Accordingly, we do  not express an opinion or an
assurance conclusion. Had we performed additional procedures, other matters might have come to our attention  that would
have been reported.
We have agreed to perform the procedures as set out in the Annexure to this engagement letter and report to you the findings
resulting from our work.
Our Report on the Compliance of the Legal Practitioner's Trust Accounts with the Act and the Rules
We expect to issue a report containing an opinion that the legal practitioners' trust accounts of Van De Wall Incorporated for
the year ended 28 February 2025 were  maintained, in all material respects, in compliance with the Act and Rules.  However,
should our evidence obtained not support that opinion, we are required by ISAE 3000 (Revised) to modify our opinion, listing
exceptions and instances of non-compliance identified, or giving an explanation for reporting non-compliance.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
Our Report on the Legal Practitioner's Annual Statement on Trust Accounts
In terms of the Advisory issued by the Legal Practice Council dated 17 April 2020, we expect to report that we have agreed the
information included in the attached Legal Practitioner's Annual Statement on Trust Accounts for the year ended 28 February
2025 to the underlying  records that were the subject of  our engagement on whether the legal  practitioners' trust accounts
were maintained in compliance with the Act and the Rules.
We also  expect to report  that based  on our reading  of the legal  practitioners' representations,  the disclosures and  other
information contained in the Legal Practitioner's Annual Statement on Trust Accounts, we have not identified any information
that is inconsistent with our knowledge obtained in the course of our engagement. We will state in our report that our opinion
on the legal practitioners' trust accounts does not cover the Legal Practitioner's Annual Statement on Trust Accounts and we do
not express an opinion thereon.
However, should our evidence obtained not support a positive report, our report will be amended accordingly.
Should we not be able to report as expected, we will discuss matters with you before finalising our report.
Our report on the Legal Practitioner's Investment Practice
3
 
 
In terms of Rule 54.24.3, we expect to report on whether or not, to the best of our knowledge you have for the year ended 28
February 2025 carried on a business of an investment practice and complied with the related investment practice Rules.
Our report on the completed application form in respect of a refund of bank charges and audit fees
In terms of the Legal Practitioners Fidelity Fund (LPFF), we expect to report whether or not the information as completed  on
the application  form to be used  for claims for  refund of bank  charges and audit fees  agrees to the  underlying accounting
records.
Reportable irregularities
Please note that this assurance  engagement meets the definition of audit as  contained in the Auditing Profession Act, 2005
(APA). We are  subject to the requirements  of Section 45 of the  APA, and have a  duty to report to the  IRBA on reportable
irregularities, as defined in the APA, that may be identified in the course of our engagement.
Where a reportable irregularity has been reported to the  IRBA, we are required to include a paragraph on "Report on Other
Legal and Regulatory Requirements" in our report disclosing information relating to the reportable irregularity.
Non-compliance with Laws and Regulations
We wish to draw your attention to the professional obligation of the partners and employees of the audit firm to respond to
identified or suspected Non-compliance with Laws and Regulations, as required in terms of Section 360 of the IRBA Code; and
this may include  the reporting of  the non-compliance or  suspected non-compliance to an  appropriate authority under  the
appropriate circumstances.
Restriction on use and distribution of our report
Our report will state that it is provided for the purpose indicated in the report; and it is not suitable for any other purpose; and
that it is intended solely for your use, that of the relevant Legal Practice Council and the Legal Practitioners Fidelity Fund; and
should not be distributed to other parties.
Please sign  and  return the  attached copy  of this  letter to  indicate  your acknowledgement  of, and  agreement with,  the
arrangements for our reasonable assurance engagement on whether your legal practitioners' trust accounts were maintained
in compliance with the Act  and the Rules; and to report, as required,  on the Legal Practitioner's Annual Statement on  Trust
Accounts and investment practice, including our respective responsibilities.
Protection of Personal Information Act, 2013 (Act No. 4 of 2013)
As part of performing this engagement we will obtain and process confidential information to perform our duties to issue an
appropriate report. Such  information includes personal information  of the directors and  staff relating to remuneration  and
employee  costs, contact  information of  customers and  suppliers,  and other  personal information  obtained  incidental to
performing the engagement. Since we are required  to comply with relevant ethical requirements (IESBA Code of Professional
Conduct) during  the performance  of this  engagement, we  treat all  such information  obtained with  the required  level of
confidentiality and will not process any such personal information for any purpose other than performing our duties in terms of
this engagement. Should we intend using your information for any purpose other than for which it was collected, we will seek
your consent.
Risen Advisory
Per: Hendrik Wessels
Partner
Registered Auditor (SA)
IRBA: 951655
4
 
 
Acknowledged and agreed on behalf of the Legal Practitioners

In signing this document, you consent to the processing of the personal information contained within this document. All information will be processed in terms of our privacy policy which can be obtained on request.

Yours faithfully

___________________________________________________________    ___________________________________________________________
Director                                                       Date
5