The Property Practitioner
Rawson Wellington Proprietary Limited
30 Malherbe
Wellington
Western Cape
7655
1 July 2025
Dear Sir
Independent Auditor's Reasonable Assurance Engagement on Property Practitioner's Trust Accounts
You have requested that we undertake a reasonable assurance engagement in terms of the reporting requirements of Section
54(5)(b) of the Property Practitioners Act No. 22 of 2019 (PPA), to provide the Property Practitioners Regulatory Authority (the
Authority) with reasonable assurance on whether the property practitioner's trust accounts of Rawson Wellington Proprietary
Limited were maintained in compliance with  Sections 54(1), (2), (3), (5) and (10) of the Property Practitioners  Act, No. 22 of
2019 (the "PPA") for the financial year ended 28 February 2025 and report our conclusions thereon together with any instances
of non-compliance that came to our attention.
You furthermore  requested that we  perform agreed-upon  procedures on the  information extracted  from your accounting
records in terms of Sections 54(1), (2)(a) and (10) of the PPA; and on the compliance with Section 48 of the PPA, as it relates to
the Property Practitioner's  Fidelity Fund certificate;  and Section 28  of the Financial Intelligence  Centre Act No.  38 of 2001
(FICA), as it relates to the Property Practitioner's Financial Intelligence Centre (FIC) registration.
Property Practitioner's responsibility for the trust accounts
The property  practitioner of Rawson  Wellington Proprietary Limited  is responsible  for ensuring the  Property Practitioner's
compliance with the provisions of the  PPA; and for the implementation of such internal  control as the property practitioner
determine(s) is necessary to ensure compliance with Sections 48 and 54(1), (2), (3), (5), (10) of the PPA as well as Section 28 of
the FICA, and to prevent and detect fraud and theft.
The property practitioner acknowledge that the agreed-upon procedures are appropriate for the purpose of the engagement
and is responsible for the subject matter on which the agreed-upon procedures are performed, as well as to provide us with:
•  Access to all information  that the property practitioner  is aware that is relevant  to our engagement, including  such
business account records, as we consider necessary;
•  Unrestricted access to not only documentation of  the payment processing agent, but also underlying documentation
that might have  been concluded by  or with the  assistance of the mandating  client business property  practitioners,
which underlying documentation  support movements of trust moneys and  such underlying documentation includes,
but is not limited to, contracts of sale and lease and mandates;
•  Additional information that we may request from the property practitioner for the purpose of our engagement; and
•  Unrestricted access to persons within the business from whom we determine it necessary to obtain audit evidence.
You are responsible for ensuring that the business complies with any other relevant legislation.
1
 
 
Auditor's independence and quality management
We are required to comply with  the independence and other ethical requirements of the Independent Regulatory  Board for
Auditors' (IRBA) Code of Professional Conduct for Registered Auditors (IRBA Code), which is founded on fundamental principles
of integrity, objectivity, professional competence  and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. The  IRBA Code is
consistent with the corresponding sections of the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' International Code of
Ethics for  Professional Accountants  (including  International Independence  Standards). For  the purpose  of performing  the
agreed-upon procedures, there are no independence requirements with which we are required to comply.
Risen Advisory  applies the International  Standard on Quality  Management 1,  Quality Management for  Firms that Perform
Audits or Reviews of Financial  Statements, or Other Assurance or Related  Services Engagements, which requires the firm to
design, implement and operate a system  of quality management including policies or procedures regarding  compliance with
ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Auditor's responsibility
Reasonable assurance
Our responsibility is  to express a reasonable  assurance opinion on whether  the Property Practitioner's trust accounts  were
maintained, in all material respects, in  compliance with Sections 54(1), (2), (3), (5) and (10) of  the PPA for the financial year
ended 28 February 2025, based on our procedures performed and evidence obtained.
We will conduct a reasonable assurance engagement in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements
("ISAE") 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information  ("ISAE 3000
(Revised)"). This standard requires that we plan and perform our engagement to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the trust accounts were maintained, in all material respects, in compliance with Sections 54(1), (2), (3), (5) and (10) of the PPA.
A  reasonable assurance  engagement  in accordance  with  ISAE 3000  (Revised)  involves  performing procedures  to  obtain
evidence about whether the trust accounts were maintained, in all material respects, in compliance with Sections 54(1), (2), (3),
(5) and (10) of the PPA. The nature, timing and extent of procedures selected depend on our professional judgement, including
the assessment of the risks of non-compliance with the PPA, whether due to fraud and error. In making those risk assessments,
we considered the internal control that is relevant to the circumstances of the engagement in order to design procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of internal control.
Our reasonable assurance engagement includes the following procedures:
•  Inquiries of the property practitioner responsible for financial matters and compliance with the PPA and the inspection
of supporting documents to determine whether for the period being reported on:
○  The trust accounts  were properly referenced,  and the requisite  details furnished to the  PPRA, as required  by
Section 54(1)(a) of the PPA;
○  Monies deposited was invested in trust accounts in accordance with the requirements of Section 54(2)(a) of the
PPA;
○  Separate accounting records were kept, as required by Section 54(5)(a) of the PPA;
○  The accounting records  relating to trust accounts were  balanced at intervals of  not more than one month,  as
required by Section 54(5)(b) of the PPA;
○  The trust accounts were administered in the prescribed manner, as required by Sections 54(3), (5)(c) and (10) of
the PPA; and
○  The system employed when transferring amounts (including interest earned) from a Property Practitioner's trust
banking account to their business account appears to ensure that on each occasion any such transfer is made, the
balance remaining  to the credit of  the Property Practitioner's  trust banking account  or other interest-bearing
account referred to in Section 54(2)(a) of the PPA, together with any trust monies held in cash on hand, amounts
to not less than the trust balances after the amounts (including interest earned) are transferred from a Property
Practitioner's trust banking account to their business account.
•  Obtaining written representation(s) on matters that are relevant to this reasonable assurance engagement.
Due to the inherent limitations of an assurance engagement together with the inherent limitations of internal control, there is
an unavoidable risk that some material misstatements may not be detected, even though the engagement is properly planned
and performed in accordance with ISAE 3000 (Revised). Misstatements can arise from actions or omissions due to fraud, theft
or error and are considered material if they, individually  or in aggregate, could reasonably be expected to influence relevant
decisions of users taken on the basis of the subject matter information.
2
 
 
We shall not be responsible for reporting on any relevant events or transactions beyond the period covered by our assurance
engagement. As part of an assurance engagement in accordance with ISAE 3000 (Revised), we exercise professional judgement
and maintain professional scepticism throughout the engagement.
Agreed-upon procedures
We will conduct the agreed-upon procedures engagement in accordance with the International Standard on Related Services
(ISRS) 4400 (Revised), Agreed-Upon Procedures Engagements. An agreed-upon procedures engagement involves us performing
the procedures that have been agreed with the Property Practitioner; and reporting the findings, which are the factual results
of the agreed-upon  procedures performed. We  make no representation regarding  the appropriateness of the  agreed-upon
procedures.
This agreed-upon procedures engagement is not an assurance engagement. Accordingly, we do  not express an opinion or an
assurance conclusion. Had we performed additional procedures, other matters might have come to our attention  that would
have been reported.
We have agreed to perform the procedures as set out in the Annexure to this engagement letter and report to you the findings
resulting from our work.
Our Report on the Compliance of the Property Practitioner's Trust Accounts with the PPA
We expect to issue a report containing:
•  Part A,  a resonable  assurance conclusion  in the  form  of an  opinion on  whether the  property practitioner's  trust
accounts of Rawson Wellington Proprietary Limited were maintained in compliance with Sections 54(1), (2), (3), (5) and
(10) of the PPA for the financial year ended 28 February 2025 and any instances of non-compliance that came to  our
attention.
•  Part B of our report will describe the agreed-upon procedures (regarding the compliance with Sections 54(1), (2)(a) and
(10) of the PPA; and on the compliance with Section 48 of the PPA, as it relates to the Property Practitioner's Fidelity
Fund certificate;  and Section 28  of the Financial  Intelligence Centre Act  No. 38 of  2001 (FICA), as  it relates to  the
Property Practitioner's Financial Intelligence Centre (FIC) registration) and the findings of the procedures performed as
set out in the Annexure, sections A and B, to this engagement letter.
Reportable irregularities
Please note that this assurance  engagement meets the definition of audit as  contained in the Auditing Profession Act, 2005
(APA). We are  subject to the requirements  of Section 45 of the  APA, and have a  duty to report to the  IRBA on reportable
irregularities, as defined in the APA, that may be identified in the course of our engagement.
Where a reportable irregularity has been reported to the  IRBA, we are required to include a paragraph on “Report on Other
Legal and Regulatory Requirements” in our report disclosing information relating to the reportable irregularity.
Non-compliance with Laws and Regulations
We wish to draw your attention to the professional obligation of the partners and employees of the audit firm to respond to
identified or suspected Non-compliance with Laws and Regulations, as required in terms of Section 360 of the IRBA Code; and
this may include  the reporting of  the non-compliance or  suspected non-compliance to an  appropriate authority under  the
appropriate circumstances.
Restriction on use and distribution of our report
Our report will state that it is provided for the purpose indicated in the report; and it is not suitable for any other purpose; and
that it is intended solely for your use and that of the Property Practitioners Regulatory Authority; and should not be distributed
to other parties.
Please sign  and  return the  attached copy  of this  letter to  indicate  your acknowledgement  of, and  agreement with,  the
arrangements  for  our reasonable  assurance  engagement  on  whether  your property  practitioner's  trust  accounts  were
maintained in compliance with the Act and the Rules; and to report, as required, on the Legal Practitioner's Annual Statement
on Trust Accounts and investment practice, including our respective responsibilities.
Staff
Our staff members undergo periodic training and this, together with the taking of annual leave, may lead to staff turnover and
lack of continuity. We will use our best endeavours to avoid any disruption to an engagement's progress.
3
 
 
Save as envisaged below, you agree not to make any offer of employment or to otherwise interfere with or entice away from
the employment  of any persons  employed by  us. You further  agree not to  use such  person's services as  an independent
consultant or via a third  party for a period of 12 months  following the end of such person's  involvement, without our prior
written consent.
Should you  make any offer  of employment to  any person  currently employed by  us or who  was employed  by us for  the
immediately preceding 12 month period from the date of such offer of employment, you will be liable for and will pay to us a
placement fee equal to 10% of such employee's total annual cost to company, excluding VAT.
Use of our software
The working papers and files for this engagement created by us during the course of the audit, including electronic documents
and files, are the sole property of Risen Advisory.
We will retain ownership of the copyright and all other intellectual property rights in the product of the services, whether oral
or tangible. For the purposes of delivering  services to you or other clients, we will be entitled  to use or develop knowledge,
experience and  skills  of general  application gained  through performing  the services.  You agree  to keep  confidential  any
methodologies and technology used by us to carry out our services.
We have the right to use your name as a reference in proposals or other similar submissions to other prospective clients, unless
you specifically withhold  permission for such  disclosure. If we wish  to use details of  the work done for  you for references
purposes, we will obtain your permission in advance.
Protection of Personal Information Act, 2013 (Act No. 4 of 2013)
As part of performing this engagement we will obtain and process confidential information to perform our duties to issue an
appropriate  report.  Such  information  includes  personal information  of  the  property  practitioner  and  staff  relating  to
remuneration and employee costs, contact information of customers and suppliers, and other personal information obtained
incidental to performing the engagement. Since we are required to comply with  relevant ethical requirements (IRBA Code of
Professional Conduct) during the performance of  this engagement, we treat all such information obtained with the  required
level of confidentiality and will not process any such personal information for any purpose other than performing our duties in
terms of this engagement. Should we intend using your information for any purpose other than for which it was collected, we
will seek your consent.
Risen Advisory
Hendrik Wessels
Partner
Regsitered Auditor (SA)
IRBA: 951655
4
 
 
Acknowledged and agreed on behalf of the Property Practitioner
In signing this document, you consent to the processing of the personal information contained within this document. All information will be processed in terms of our privacy policy which can be obtained on request.


Yours faithfully


___________________________________________________________    ___________________________________________________________
BT Joubert                                                     Date
5