The Director
Boet Cilliers Bruinkoppies Proprietary Limited
38 Kerk Street
Douglas
8730
[Please insert engagement letter date]
ENGAGEMENT LETTER
Dear Sir
The objective and scope of the review
You have requested  that we review the the  IFRS for SMEs® Accounting  Standard as issued by  the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB®) financial statements of Boet Cilliers Bruinkoppies Proprietary Limited, which comprise the statement
of financial position  as at 31 May  2025, and the statement  of comprehensive income,  statement of changes in  equity and
statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and the notes, comprising a summary of significant accounting policies and
other explanatory information. We are pleased to confirm our acceptance and our understanding of this review engagement by
means of this letter.
Our review will be conducted with the objective of expressing our conclusion on the financial statements that, if unmodified,
will be as follows:
"Based on our  review, nothing has come  to our attention that  causes us to believe  that these financial statements  do not
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Boet Cilliers Bruinkoppies Proprietary Limited as at 31 May 2025,
and its  financial performance and  cash flows  for the year  then ended  in accordance with  the IFRS for  SMEs® Accounting
Standard as issued by  the International Accounting Standards Board  (IASB®) and the requirements of  the Companies Act of
South Africa."
The form and content of our conclusion may need to be amended in light of the findings obtained from our review.
Our Responsibilities
We will  conduct our  review engagement  in accordance with  International Standard  on Review  Engagements (ISRE)  2400,
Engagement to Review Historical Financial Statements. ISRE 2400 (Revised) requires us to conclude whether anything has come
to our attention that causes us to believe that the financial statements as a whole are not prepared, in all material respects, in
accordance with the IFRS for SMEs® Accounting Standard as issued by  the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB®).
ISRE 2400 (Revised) also requires us to comply with relevant ethical requirements.
A review of financial statements prepared in accordance with ISRE 2400 (Revised) is a limited assurance engagement. We will
perform procedures,  primarily consisting of making  inquiries of management  and others within the  company and applying
analytical procedures, and  then evaluate the evidence  obtained. We will also  perform additional procedures  if we become
aware of matters that cause us to believe the financial statements as a whole may be materially misstated. These procedures
are performed to enable us to express our conclusion on the financial statements in accordance with ISRE 2400 (Revised). The
procedures  selected  will  depend  on  what  we  consider  necessary,  applying  our  professional  judgment  based  on  our
understanding of Boet  Cilliers Bruinkoppies Proprietary  Limited and its environment  and our understanding of  the IFRS for
SMEs® Accounting  Standard as  issued by  the International  Accounting Standards Board  (IASB®) and  its application  in the
industry context.
1
 
 
A review is not an audit of the financial statements, therefore:
(a)
There is a commensurate higher risk that  there would be in an audit that any material misstatements that exist  in the
financial statements  reviewed may not  be revealed by  the review  even though the  review is properly  performed in
accordance with ISRE 2400 (Revised).
(b)
In expressing our  conclusion from the  review of the financial  statements, our report on  the financial statements  will
expressly disclaim any audit opinion on the financial statements.
Detection of fraud, error and non-compliance with laws and regulations
The primary responsibility for safeguarding  the assets of the company and the prevention  and detection of fraud, error and
non-compliance with laws and regulations rests with the director and management.
It  is the  responsibility of  the  director of  the  company to  ensure  through oversight  of management,  that  the company
establishes and maintains internal control to provide reasonable assurance with regard to the reliability of financial reporting,
effectiveness and efficiency of operations and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
It is the  responsibility of management to establish  a control environment and maintain  policies and procedures to  assist in
achieving the objective of ensuring, as far as possible, the orderly and efficient conduct of the company's business.
Professional obligation to respond to non-compliance with laws and regulations  in terms of the IRBA Code of Professional
Conduct (the Code)
The partners and employees of our firm have a professional obligation to act in the public interest, and to act in order  to: (i)
enable Boet Cilliers Bruinkoppies Proprietary Limited (the company) to rectify, remediate or mitigate the consequences of any
identified or suspected non-compliance with laws or regulations as described in the Code; or (ii) deter the commission of the
non-compliance or suspected non-compliance with laws or regulations where it has not yet occurred.
Non-compliance  with  laws  or  regulations  (non-compliance)  comprises  acts  of  omission  or  commission,  intentional  or
unintentional, committed by a client, or by those charged with governance, by management or by other individuals working for
or under the direction of a client, which are contrary to the prevailing laws or regulations.
Where we encounter non-compliance or  suspected non-compliance, we will seek to obtain  an understanding of the matter.
Where appropriate, we will discuss the matter  with the appropriate level of management at the company, or those charged
with governance in order that such people can take appropriate action to rectify, remediate or mitigate the consequences of
the non-compliance,  deter the commission  of non-compliance where  it has not  yet occurred or  disclose the matter  to an
appropriate authority where required by law or regulation or where considered necessary in the public interest, having regard
to the  appropriateness of the  response of management  and, where applicable,  those charged with  governance and other
relevant factors in accordance with the Code.
We, in encountering non-compliance or  suspected non-compliance, are also obliged to comply  with applicable legislation or
professional standards, which  may require us to disclose  the matter to an appropriate  authority, including the reporting  of
reportable irregularities as referred to in the preceding section of this engagement letter.
We also have a professional responsibility to consider whether the response of the company to the instance of non-compliance
or suspected non-compliance is adequate, and may determine that further action is necessary. Such further action may include,
among other actions, the disclosure of the matter to an appropriate authority. We will disclose the matter to an  appropriate
authority only where, in the professional judgement of the independent reviewer, the extent of the  actual or potential harm
that is or may  be caused to the company, investors,  creditors or employees or the  general public is sufficient to justify  the
disclosure.
In exceptional circumstances, we may be required to  immediately disclose the matter to an appropriate authority where we
have become aware of actual or intended conduct that we have reason to believe would constitute an imminent breach of law
or regulation that would cause substantial harm to the company, investors, creditors, employees or the general public. In such
circumstances, we will discuss the matter with the management or those charged with governance of the company where it is
appropriate to do so.
2
 
 
Financial Intelligence Centre Act
In terms of Section 29 of the  Financial Intelligence Centre Act, we are required by law to report  to the Financial Intelligence
Centre certain  suspicious  or unusual  transactions of  which we  become aware,  such  as those  which may  involve money
laundering, which have no  apparent business or lawful purpose, or which  may be relevant to an investigation  of evasion or
attempted evasion of tax. This statutory requirement, which applies to both prospective clients and existing clients, overrides
the professional ethics rules of confidentiality, which we observe.
Reportable Irregularities
A reportable irregularity in terms of Regulation 29(1)(b) of the Companies Regulations, 2011 is any act or omission committed
by any person responsible for the management of an entity, which:
(a)  unlawfully has caused or is likely to cause material financial loss to the entity or to any member, shareholder, creditor or
investor of the entity in respect of his, her or its dealings with that entity; or
(b)  is fraudulent or amounts to theft; or
(c)  causes or has caused the entity to trade under insolvent circumstances.
Staff
Our staff members undergo periodic training which together  with the taking of annual leave, may lead to staff turnover and
lack of continuity. We will use our best endeavours to avoid any disruption to an engagement’s progress.
3
 
 
Save as envisaged below, you agree not to make any offer of employment or to otherwise interfere with or entice away from
the employment  of any persons  employed by  us. You further  agree not to  use such person’s  services as  an independent
consultant or via a third  party for a period of 12 months  following the end of such person’s involvement,  without our prior
written consent.
Should you  make any offer  of employment to  any person  currently employed by  us or who  was employed  by us for  the
immediately preceding 12 month period from the date of such offer of employment, you will be liable for and will pay to us a
placement fee equal to 10% of such employee's total annual cost to company, excluding VAT.
Information
To enable us to  perform the services, you will use  your best endeavours to procure  and supply all information and prompt
assistance, and all access to documentation in your possession, custody,  or under your control, and to personnel under your
control, where required by us. Where such information and/or documentation is not in your possession or custody, or under
your control, you will use your best endeavours to procure the supply  of the information, assistance and/or access to all the
documentation.
We may rely on any instructions or requests made or  notices given, or information supplied, whether orally or in writing, by
any person whom we know to be or reasonably believe to be authorised by you to communicate with us for such purposes.
We may receive information from you or from other sources in the course of delivering the services and:
(a)
(b)
We will consider the consistency and quality of information received by us;
We  will not  seek  to  establish  the reliability  of  information  received from  you  or  any  other information  source.
Accordingly, we  assume  no responsibility  and make  no  representations with  respect to  the accuracy,  reliability  or
completeness of any information provided to us;
(c)
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage suffered by you arising from fraud, misrepresentation, withholding of
information material to the services, or other default relating to such material information, whether on your part or that
of the other information sources.
You undertake to supply information in response to our enquiries to enable us to comply with our statutory obligations relating
to the Financial Intelligence Centre Act, no.38 of 2001 and the Prevention of Organised Crime Act, No.121 of 1998.
Use and distribution
The review engagement report on the financial statements is solely for the use of Boet Cilliers Bruinkoppies Proprietary Limited
and those to whom our  report is specifically addressed by us.  We make no representation of any kind  to any third party in
respect of these financial statements and we accept no responsibility for their use by any third party.
We ask that our name be used only with our consent and that any information to which we have attached a communication be
issued with that communication unless otherwise agreed to by us.
3
 
 
Third party rights
The services contract will not create or give rise to, nor will it be intended to create or give rise to, any third-party rights.
Report Amendments
The form and content of our report may need to be amended in light of our findings obtained from the review.
Inclusion of Financial Statements in Annual Reports or on a Website
Management is responsible for the accurate reproduction of the financial statements and other related information contained
in an annual report or other document (electronic or paper-based). This includes any incorporation by reference to either full
or summarized financial statements that we have reviewed.  We are not required to read the information contained on your
website or to consider the consistency of other information on the electronic site with the original document.
If reproduction or publication of our review engagement report (or reference to our report) is planned in an annual report or
other document,  including electronic  filings or  posting of the  report on  a website,  a copy  of the entire  document to  be
reproduced or published is to be submitted to us in sufficient time for our review before publication or posting process begins.
Reporting to third parties
Our report is intended for the benefit of those to whom it is addressed. The engagement will not be planned or conducted in
contemplation of reliance by any third party or with respect to any specific transaction. Therefore, items of possible interest to
a third party  will not be  specifically addressed, and matters  may exist that  would be assessed differently  by a third party,
possibly in connection with a specific transaction.
There may be situations, for example, in relation to loan agreements, where a third party seeks to request us, in our capacity as
independent reviewers, to report to them.
Any contractual arrangements between you and a third party which seek to impose such requirements upon us will not, as a
matter of law, be binding on us. However, depending on the circumstances, we may agree to provide reports to third parties,
but not  in our  capacity  as independent  reviewers. Any  possible requirements  must be  discussed with  us at  the earliest
opportunity and well before the loan agreement or other arrangement is finalised. In this regard, however, it is our policy not
to extend our duty of care in respect of our report in the financial statements.
As noted above, our report will be prepared for and only for the company's shareholder in accordance with the Companies Act
of South  Africa and  for no  other  purpose. In  those circumstances,  we will  not, in  giving our  opinion, accept  or assume
responsibility (legal or otherwise) or accept liability for or in connection with any other purpose for which our report or opinion
may be used, or to any other person to whom our report is shown or into whose hands it may come, and no other persons shall
be entitled to rely on our opinion save where they have obtained our prior written consent that they may do so.
Electronic communications
We may choose to communicate with you by electronic mail where an authorised person wishes us to do so, on the basis that
in consenting to this method of communication, you accept the inherent risks of such communications, including the security
risks of interception of or unauthorised access  to such communications, the risks of corruption of such communications, the
risk of errors or loss of information and the risks of viruses or other harmful devices) and that you will perform virus checks. We
will use  commercially reasonable  procedures to check  for the  most commonly known  viruses before  sending information
electronically.
We recognise that systems and procedures cannot be a guarantee that transmissions will be unaffected by such hazards.
We confirm that  we each accept  the risks of and  authorise electronic communications between  us. We each agree  to use
commercially reasonable procedures to check for the most commonly known viruses before sending information electronically.
We shall each be responsible for protecting our  own systems and interests in relation to electronic communications and the
company and us (in each case including our respective directors, employees or agents) shall have no liability to each other on
any basis, whether  in contract, delict (including negligence)  or otherwise, in respect of  any error, damage, loss or  omission
arising  from or  in  connection with  the  electronic communication  of  information between  us  and our  reliance  on such
information.
The exclusion of liability in the previous  clause shall not apply to the extent that any liability arises out  of acts, omissions or
misrepresentations  which are  in any  case criminal,  dishonest  or fraudulent  on the  part  of our  respective management,
employees, or agents.
4
 
 
If our communication relates to a matter of significance on which you wish to rely, and you are concerned about the possible
effects of electronic transmission, you should request a  hard copy of such transmission from us. If you wish us to password-
protect all or certain documents transmitted, you should request us to do so.
Use of our software
The working papers  and files created by  us during this  engagement, including electronic documents  and files, are our  sole
property.
We will retain ownership of the copyright and all other intellectual property rights in the product of the services, whether oral
or tangible. For the purposes of delivering  services to you or other clients, we will be entitled  to use or develop knowledge,
experience and  skills  of general  application gained  through performing  the services.  You agree  to keep  confidential  any
methodologies and technology used by us to carry out our services.
We have the right to use your name as a reference in proposals or other similar submissions to other prospective clients, unless
you specifically  withhold permission for  such disclosure, if  we wish to  use details of  the work done  for you for  reference
purposes, we will obtain your consent in advance.
Circumstances beyond our or your control
Neither of us will  be in breach of our  contractual obligations, nor will either of  us incur any liability to  the other, if we are
unable to comply with the services contract as a result of any cause beyond our reasonable control. In the event of any such
occurrence affecting one of us, that one shall be obliged as soon as reasonably practicable to notify the other, who will have
the option  of  suspending or  terminating the  operation of  the  services contract  on notice,  which  notice will  take effect
immediately on delivery thereof.
Waiver, assignment and sub-contractors
Failure by any one of us to exercise or enforce any rights available to us shall not amount to a waiver of any rights available to
either of us.
Neither of us will have  the right to assign the benefit or burden  of the services contract without the written consent  of the
other.
We will have the right to appoint sub-contractors to assist us in delivering the services.
Exclusions and limitations on our liability
You hereby  agree to  indemnify, defend  (by counsel  retained and  instructed by  me), and  hold harmless  our firm  and its
partners, agents, or employees,  from and against any and all  losses, costs (including legal fees), damages, expenses,  claims,
demands, or liabilities arising out of or in consequence of:
•
The breach by your company, or its management, officers, agents, or employees, of any of the covenants made by your
company herein,  including,  without restricting  the generality  of the  foregoing,  the misuse  of, or  the unauthorised
dissemination of, my  report or the financial statements  in reference to which the  report is issued, or any other  work
product made available to you by my firm; and
•
The services performed by our firm under this engagement, unless, and to the extent that, such losses, costs, damages,
and expenses are found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have been due to the negligence of our firm. In the event
that the matter is settled out of court, we will mutually agree on the extent of the indemnification to be provided by your
company.
Our liability in terms  of this engagement is limited,  in accordance with all applicable law,  to the fees charged by  us for the
engagement.
Management's Responsibilities
Our  review will  be  conducted on  the  basis that  management  and, where  appropriate,  those charged  with  governance
acknowledge and understand that they have the responsibility:
(a)
(b)
(c)
For the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable financial reporting
framework;
For such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
To provide us with:
5
 
 
(i)  Access to all information, of which management is aware, that is relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of the
financial statements (such as records, documentation, and other matters),
(ii)  Additional information that we may request from management for the purpose of the review, and
(iii)  Unrestricted access  to persons  within Boet  Cilliers Bruinkoppies Proprietary  Limited from  whom we  determine it  is
necessary to obtain evidence.
As part of  our review, we  will request from management  and, where appropriate,  those charged with governance  written
confirmation concerning representations made to us in connection with the review.
Preparation of Schedules
We understand that you or your employees will prepare certain schedules and locate specified documents for our use before
our engagement is planned to commence on [Insert Date Here].
This assistance  will  facilitate our  work and  help  to minimise  our costs.  Any  failure to  provide these  working  papers or
documents  on a  timely  basis may  impede  our services  and  require  us to  suspend  our services  or  withdraw from  the
engagement.
Preparation of Financial Statements
Assistance with the preparation  of financial statements does not  form part of the review function,  but we shall discuss the
company's accounting principles with you, particularly  in any problem areas, and we may propose adjusting  entries for your
consideration.
Working Papers
The working papers, files, other materials, reports, and work created, developed, or performed by us during the course of the
engagement are the property of our firm, constitute confidential information, and will be retained by us in accordance with our
firm's policies and procedures.
File Inspections
In accordance with professional regulations (and by our firm's policy), our client files may periodically be reviewed by practice
inspectors and by other engagement file reviewers to ensure that we are adhering to our professional and firm's standards. File
reviewers are required to maintain confidentiality of client information.
Dispute Resolution
You agree that:
(a)
Any dispute  that may  arise regarding  the meaning,  performance, or  enforcement of  this engagement  will, prior  to
resorting to litigation, be submitted to mediation; and
(b)
You will engage in the mediation process in good faith once a written request to mediate has been given by any party to
the engagement.
Any mediation  initiated as a  result of this  engagement shall be  administered under the  laws of [insert  laws] by [name  of
mediation  organisation] according  to its  mediation rules.  The  results of  any such  mediation  shall be  binding only  upon
agreement of each  party to be  bound. The costs of  any mediation proceeding  shall be shared equally  by the participating
parties.
6
 
 
Indemnity
Boet Cilliers Bruinkoppies Proprietary Limited hereby agrees to indemnify, defend (by counsel retained and instructed by us),
and hold  harmless reviewers and  its partners, agents,  or employees,  from and against  any and all  losses, costs (including
solicitors' fees), damages, expenses, claims, demands, or liabilities arising out of or in consequence of:
(a)
The breach by Boet Cilliers Bruinkoppies Proprietary Limited, or its shareholder, officers, agents, or employees, of any of
the covenants made by Boet Cilliers Bruinkoppies Proprietary Limited herein, including, without restricting the generality
of the foregoing, the misuse of, or the unauthorised dissemination of, our engagement report or the financial statements
in reference to which the engagement report is issued, or any other work product made available to you by our firm; and
(b)
The services performed by us pursuant to this engagement, unless, and to the extent that, such losses, costs, damages,
and expenses are found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have been due to the negligence of our firm. In the event
that the matter is settled out of court, we will mutually agree on the extent of the indemnification to be provided by your
company.
Time Frames
We will use all reasonable efforts to complete the engagement as described in this letter within the agreed-upon time frame.
However, we shall not be liable for failures or delays in performance that arise from causes beyond our control, including the
untimely performance by Boet Cilliers Bruinkoppies Proprietary Limited of its obligations.
Fees at Regular Billing Rates
Our professional fees will be based on us regular  billing rates plus direct out-of-pocket expenses and applicable VAT and are
due when rendered. Fees for additional services will be established separately.
Termination
If we elect to terminate our services for non-payment or any other reason provided for in this letter, our engagement will be
deemed to have been completed upon written notification of termination even if we have not completed our report. You will
be obligated to compensate us for all time expended and to reimburse us for all of our out-of-pocket costs through to the date
of termination.
Costs of Responding to Government or Legal Processes
In the  event we  are required to  respond to  a subpoena, court  order, government  agency, or other  legal process  for the
production of documents  and/or testimony relative  to information we obtained  and/or prepared during  the course of this
engagement, you agree to compensate us for all of our out-of-pocket costs (including applicable taxes) incurred.
Use of Information
It is  acknowledged that we  will have  access to all  personal information in  your custody  that we require  to complete  our
engagement. Our services are provided on the basis that:
(a)
You represent to us  that management has obtained any  required consents for collection, use, and  disclosure to us of
personal information required under applicable privacy legislation; and
(b)
We will hold all personal information in compliance with our Privacy Statement.
Communications
In connection with this engagement, we may communicate with you or others via telephone, facsimile, post, courier, and email
transmission. As all communications can be intercepted or otherwise used or communicated by an unintended third party, or
may not be delivered to each of the parties to whom they are directed and only such parties, we cannot guarantee or warrant
that communication from us will be properly delivered only to the addressee. Therefore, we specifically disclaim and waive any
liability or  responsibility whatsoever  for  interception or  unintentional disclosure  of communications  transmitted by  us in
connection with the performance of this engagement. In that regard, you agree that we shall have no liability  for any loss or
damage to any  person or entity resulting  from: communications, including  any consequential, incidental, direct,  or indirect
communications;  special  damages, such  as  loss  of  revenues or  anticipated  profits;  or  disclosure  or communication  of
confidential or proprietary information.
Future years
We  propose that  this  engagement letter  will  be in  place  until replaced.  If  circumstances change,  we  will issue  a  new
engagement letter. Until such time, this letter will be in force even where there is a change in group structure.
Protection of Personal Information Act, 2013 (Act No. 4 of 2013)
7
 
 
As part of performing this engagement we will obtain and process confidential information to perform our duties to issue an
appropriate report.  Such information includes  personal information of  the director and  staff relating to  remuneration and
employee  costs, contact  information of  customers and  suppliers,  and other  personal information  obtained  incidental to
performing the engagement. Since we are required  to comply with relevant ethical requirements (IRBA Code of Professional
Conduct) during  the performance  of this  engagement, we  treat all  such information  obtained with  the required  level of
confidentiality and will not process any such personal information for any purpose other than performing our duties in terms of
this engagement. Should we intend using your information for any purpose other than for which it was collected, we will seek
your consent.
Conclusion
This engagement letter includes the relevant terms that will govern the engagement for which it has been prepared. The terms
of this  letter supersede  any prior  oral written  representations or  commitments by  or between  the parties. Any  material
changes or additions to the terms set forth in this letter will only become effective if evidenced by a written amendment to this
letter, signed by all of the parties.
If you have any questions about the contents of this letter, please raise them with us. If the services outlined are in accordance
with your requirements and if the above terms are acceptable to you, please sign the copy of this letter in the space provided
and return it to us. We appreciate the opportunity of continuing to be of service to your company.
Yours faithfully
Risen Advisory
Hendrik Wessels
Partner
Registered Auditor
8
 
 
Acknowledged and agreed on behalf of the director of Boet Cilliers Bruinkoppies Proprietary Limited by
In signing  this document,  you consent to  the processing  of the personal  information contained  within this document.  All
information will be processed in terms of our privacy policy which can be obtained on request.
Yours faithfully
(Practitioner/Partner(s)/Director(s) name)
Date
Title
9